A blog post about CVE-2020-28086 (#46)
hackeriet/blog: _posts/2021-09-18-filename-rename-in-pass.md

---
layout: post
title: "CVE-2020-28086 information leakage through third party service in pass"
author: capitol
category: security
---
![pass-passwordstore](/images/pass-passwordstore.png)

[`pass`](https://www.passwordstore.org/) is a password manager that encrypts your or your

> team's passwords with GPG and those can be stored in a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team's passwords with GPG – so that they can, i.e., be stored safely in a public Git repository.
```
Feel free to ignore. (-:

Author: fixed

Each password is encrypted in its own file, often named after the service and username.
For example the password for the user `richard` on the service Spotify might be named
`spotify/richard.gpg`.

## Trust Boundaries

It's possible to configure your usage of `pass` in many ways, but if you are using it in a team then
this is a common setup:

Each member has a local machine with a GPG configuration that trusts all other members of the team.

The password store is in Git, and there is a central server to which all team members push and pull.

Here we have three zones:

 * Your own machine
 * The central server
 * The other team members

Any operator in one of the zones shouldn't be able to cross a zone barrier and gain
information or resources from another zone.

## The Attack

If an attacker controls the central Git server or one of the other members' machines, and

> also controls one of the services already in the password store they can do the following:

Reviewer: It sounds like the service is within the pass store, which put me slightly off.

Author: fixed
